RDoc-2107-Created empty Compare-Exchange-Studio-View article (#1462)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.2/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards.markdown

  key/value pairs 
  [yourself](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/overview#example-i---email-address-reservation) 
  where needed.  
  * **We strongly recommend not managing atomic guards manually** unless you _truly_ know what you're doing. 
    Doing so could cancel RavenDB's ACID transaction guarantees.  

* In this page:
  * [When are Atomic Guards Created](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#when-are-atomic-guards-created)  
  * [Atomic Guard Transaction Scope](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#atomic-guard-transaction-scope)  
  * [Syntax and Usage](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#syntax-and-usage)  
  * [Disabling Atomic Guards](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#disabling-atomic-guards)  
  * [When are Atomic Guards Removed](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#when-are-atomic-guards-removed)  

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: When are Atomic Guards Created}

* Atomic guards are created **by default** when a session's transaction mode is 
  [ClusterWide](../../../client-api/session/cluster-transaction#open-cluster-wide-session).  

>   * They are created when creating or modifying a document with a fully successful session SaveChanges.  

Reviewer: Refactor to be:
=>

Atomic-Guards are CmpXchg items that are created for you by default when:

* Working with a Cluster-Wide session, and when
* A document is successfully created/saved

Author: done

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Atomic Guard Transaction Scope}

* When working with a [cluster-wide session](../../../client-api/session/cluster-transaction), 
  an Atomic Guard is created upon a successful creation of a document.  
  * To set a session as cluster-wide, define its `TransactionMode` as `ClusterWide` when opening the session.

* If the session's `SaveChanges()` fails, the entire session is rolled-back and the Atomic Guard is not created.  

{INFO: }

* Atomic Guards are local to the cluster they were defined on.  

* Atomic Guards will not be replicated to another cluster in any ongoing replication task.  
  We've designed them this way so that [data ownership remains at the cluster level](https://ayende.com/blog/196769-B/data-ownership-in-a-distributed-system).  

{INFO/}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Syntax and Usage}

In the code sample below, for example, an atomic guard is automatically 
created upon the creation of a new document, and then used when two sessions 
compete on changing the document.  

{CODE:csharp atomic-guards-enabled@ClientApi/Operations/CompareExchange.cs /}

> If you [examine](../../../studio/database/documents/documents-and-collections#the-documents-view) 

Reviewer: pls link to the compare-exchange-view (not to the documents-view)

Author: done

the compare exchange entries list after running the above sample, you'll see the atomic guard that 
was automatically created.  
![Atomic Guard](images/atomic-guard.png "Atomic Guard")

>    * The generated Automic Guard key name is composed of the prefix `rvn-atomic`

Reviewer: Automic => Atomic

Author: done

>      and name of the document that it is associated with.

Reviewer: and name of... => and the name of...
?

* **Atomic guards** are 
  [compare exchange](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/overview) 
  key/value pairs that RavenDB creates and manages automatically in cluster-wide sessions to guarantee the 

>   atomicity and overall 

Author: done

  [ACID](../../../server/clustering/cluster-transactions#cluster-transaction-properties) 
  properties of cluster-wide transactions.  

* Prior to the introduction of this feature (in **RavenDB 5.2**), client code had to 
  administer compare-exchange entries explicitly. You can still do that if you wish, by 
  [disabling](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#disabling-atomic-guards) 
  the automatic usage of atomic guards in a session and defining and managing compare exchange 
  key/value pairs 
  [yourself](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/overview#example-i---email-address-reservation) 
  where needed.  
  * **We strongly recommend not managing compare-exchange manually** unless you _truly_ know what you're doing. 

>     Doing so could cancel RavenDB's ACID transaction guarantees.  

Author: done

* Atomic guards [expire](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#expiration) 

>   on (or shortly after) the expiration or removal of the documents they serve.  

Author: True.  Right below it is the link to the expiration section that explains this as succinctly.

* In this page:

>   * [When are Atomic Guards Created](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#when-are-atomic-guards-created)  

Author: done

  * [Syntax and Usage](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#syntax-and-usage)  
  * [Disabling Atomic Guards](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#disabling-atomic-guards)  

>   * [Expiration](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#expiration)  

Author: done

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: When are Atomic Guards Created}

* Atomic guards are created **by default** when a session's transaction mode is 
  [ClusterWide](../../../client-api/session/cluster-transaction#open-cluster-wide-session).  

* They are only created when creating a document with a fully successful session SaveChanges.  

> 

Author: I asked and am awaiting an answer

> * If you disable Atomic Guards, you remove RavenDB's guarantee of ACID transactions across the cluster.  

Author: done

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Atomic Guard Transaction Scope}

* RavenDB uses automatically created compare exchange items, called [Atomic Guards](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards), 

>   to ensure cluster-wide ACID transactions as of version 5.2.  

Author: true

* When working with a [cluster-wide session](../../../client-api/session/cluster-transaction), 
  an Atomic Guard is created upon a successful creation of a document.  

>   * To set the session as cluster-wide the `TransactionMode` must be defined as `ClusterWide`.

Author: done

> * If `session.SaveChanges()` fails, the entire session is rolled-back and the Atomic Guard is not created.  

Author: done

{INFO: }

* Atomic Guards are local to the cluster they were defined on.  

* Atomic Guards will not be replicated across separate clusters in any replication task.  

>   We've designed them this way so that [data ownership remains the cluster level](https://ayende.com/blog/196769-B/data-ownership-in-a-distributed-system).  

Author: Yes...None of the compare exchange items are replicated because they're cluster-specific.

{INFO/}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Syntax and Usage}

In the code sample below, for example, an atomic guard is automatically 
created upon the creation of a new document, and then used when two sessions 
compete on changing the document.  

{CODE:csharp atomic-guards-enabled@ClientApi/Operations/CompareExchange.cs /}

If you [examine](../../../studio/database/documents/documents-and-collections#the-documents-view) 
the compare exchange entries list after running the above sample, you'll see the atomic guard that 
was automatically created and used by it.  
![Atomic Guard](images/atomic-guard.png "Atomic Guard")

> 

Author: fixed "and used by it"
The image makes the naming example clear but I mentioned the naming protocol

{PANEL/}

> {PANEL: Disabling Atomic Guards}

Author: @reebhub 
This is the warning given at the beginning of the section on disabling atomic guards.
Is is correct?  Shouldn't we also warn them that it could cancel the ACID guarantees?

"**Do not remove or edit** atomic guards manually, as sessions that use them 
may consider them occupied and prevent their modification.  
If you accidentally remove an active atomic guard (that is, the atomic guard 
of a live document), re-create the document.  "

> {PANEL: Disabling Atomic Guards}

Reviewer 2: "re-save the document" -> save the document again

> {PANEL: Disabling Atomic Guards}

Author: done

{WARNING: }
**Do not remove or edit** atomic guards manually, as sessions that use them 
may consider them occupied and prevent their modification.  
If you accidentally remove an active atomic guard (that is, the atomic guard 
of a live document), re-create the document.  

> {WARNING/}

Author: done

To **disable** the automatic usage of atomic guards in a session, set the session 
`DisableAtomicDocumentWritesInClusterWideTransaction` configuration option to `true`.  

In the sample below, the session uses **no atomic guards**.  
{CODE:csharp atomic-guards-disabled@ClientApi/Operations/CompareExchange.cs /}

> {WARNING: Warning}

Author: I don't think it's good to have warnings after the code sample because then many developers may not see it...it becomes like the fine print at the end of a contract.  We want them to see warnings.

> {WARNING: Warning}

Reviewer 2: they aren't consolidated though

> {WARNING: Warning}

Author: The warnings are consolidated and I separated the note about what to do if you accidentally remove an AG because: 
It's not a warning
The warning had a lot of info, so I thought it would be less daunting to read if I pull out whatever I can and then it would also make the info about what to do if you accidentally remove an AG easier to find.

> {WARNING: Warning}

Reviewer 2: true, the warning is kind of too large, but what's currently in a note is a direct continuation of the last point so it seems strange to separate it this way no?

> {WARNING: Warning}

Author: I can separate the two sections of the warning with bullets and sub-bullets

To **guarantee ACIDity in cluster-wide transactions** when atomic guards are disabled,  
you have to explicitly [set and use](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/overview) 
the required compare exchange key/value pairs.  

Only disable and edit Atomic Guards if you truly know what you're doing as it can negatively impact ACID transaction guarantees.  
{WARNING/}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Expiration}

> Atomic guards expire on the expiration of the documents they are used for and are automatically 

Author: It's in the studio.  I don't think that adding it to the documentation would help here, would it?

* **Atomic guards** are 
  [compare exchange](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/overview) 
  key/value pairs that RavenDB creates and manages automatically to guarantee 
  [ACID](../../../server/clustering/cluster-transactions#cluster-transaction-properties) 
  transactions in cluster-wide sessions.  

* Atomic Guards coordinate work between sessions that try to write on a document at the same time. 

>   Saving a document is prevented if another session is currently holding that document's related 'key'.

Reviewer 3: No, that isn't correct. We prevent that if another session _changed_ that document's key between the time we read the key and wrote it.

Author: Changed to..
"Saving a document is prevented if another session has incremented the Atomic Guard Raft index, 
  which is triggered by changing the document."

>   When finished, the session releases the key.  

Reviewer 3: There is no holding or releasing the key, we just check if the version we read match the version at the time of the write (And then change it)

Author: removed sentence

  * [Atomic Guard Transaction Scope](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#atomic-guard-transaction-scope)  
  * [Syntax and Usage](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#syntax-and-usage)  
  * [Disabling Atomic Guards](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#disabling-atomic-guards)  
  * [When are Atomic Guards Removed](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#when-are-atomic-guards-removed)  

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: When are Atomic Guards Created}

* Atomic Guards are created by default only when the session's transaction mode is set to 
  [ClusterWide](../../../client-api/session/cluster-transaction#open-cluster-wide-session):
  * New documents:  
    A new Atomic Guard is created when successfully saving a new document in the cluster-wide session.  
  * Existing documents that don't have Atomic Guards:  
    A new Atomic Guard is created when modifying an existing document in the cluster-wide session.  
* If a document already has an associated Atomic Guard:  

>   Upon modifying a document in a new session, the Raft Index of its related cmpXchg item will increment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Upon modifying a document in a new session, the value of its related atomic guard key will be modified, allowing RavenDB to detect that changes were made to this key.
```

Author: done

Reviewer 3: Not seeing those changes?

Author: I'm replying to comments while working on it.  I will push it in a minute.

    Doing so could cancel RavenDB's ACID transaction guarantees.  

* In this page:
  * [When are Atomic Guards Created](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#when-are-atomic-guards-created)  
  * [Atomic Guard Transaction Scope](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#atomic-guard-transaction-scope)  
  * [Syntax and Usage](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#syntax-and-usage)  
  * [Disabling Atomic Guards](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#disabling-atomic-guards)  
  * [When are Atomic Guards Removed](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/atomic-guards#when-are-atomic-guards-removed)  

{NOTE/}

---

{PANEL: When are Atomic Guards Created}

* Atomic guards are created **by default** when a session's transaction mode is 
  [ClusterWide](../../../client-api/session/cluster-transaction#open-cluster-wide-session) **and**  
  * New documents:  
    Atomic Guards are created upon a successful session SaveChanges of a new document 
    in a cluster-wide session.  
  * Existing documents that don't have Atomic Guards:  

>     New Atomic Guards are created when modifying an existing document in a cluster-wide session.  

Author: done

In the sample below, the session uses **no atomic guards**.  
{CODE:csharp atomic-guards-disabled@ClientApi/Operations/CompareExchange.cs /}

{WARNING: Warning}
To **guarantee ACIDity in cluster-wide transactions** when atomic guards are disabled,  
you have to explicitly [set and use](../../../client-api/operations/compare-exchange/overview) 
the required compare exchange key/value pairs.  

> Only disable and edit Atomic Guards if you truly know what you're doing as it can negatively impact ACID transaction guarantees.  

Reviewer 4: I think it will be better to just say that the client should not touch it at all.

Author: I can see why, but when I asked Oren, he said that only people who _really_ know what they're doing should change them.  So, I added a louder warning in the doc that explains how to.
